# BigThink
The unofficial, unsanctioned, unblessed, unauthorized, unaffiliated Big Think of academics with a lower case "a"

We are all thinkers, of thoughts small and large. No thought is too insignificant, though no thought too significant should be ignored, lest it be deemed a juggernaut, or worse, an inevitability. This repository, pardon my tedious verbiage, aims to focus, laserly, on the concept of "BigThink." It is no modest identification, or label, to aspire/address the reality/visceral feeling of "Big." That said, one can sympathize with a realpolitik denier and support its opponents/demise. What this repository (apologies, again Redundancy Exorcist Enforcers) aims to harvest/harness, is that Big Think pursuits have some elementary/universal positivity. Debate all you want on the postodernrelativism of select/context-dependent universal denialisms in hermetically sealed vacuum chambers, the realpolitik reality is that Henry Kissinger is not alive. And one should not be afraid of one's shadow, or a shadow six feet under. provided a shadow could be created. Great Ideas shaped the present, and continue to do so. It is not an active ignorance of Global South aspiration to reinforce analgesically Global North values, because they are undefined and are a living document. All values are, even in sterile academic setttings. Whenever analgesic assumptions are asserted, they, context-dependent, become edited amidst hysteria of popular sentiment, unexamined, whether stratehic or tactical, unaware that, perception has, since 1905, been conscious of relative, in unextrapolated terms. It is imperative, among incumbent residents of planet Earth, that the fundamentals of estabilished earth be, periodically weighed amongst, scientific leanings, because Post-modernism would not have been possible without the abstracted gap (hermetically sealed, if there is/was any doubt),on the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies.

https://www.fourmilab.ch/etexts/einstein/specrel/www/
